1) What is SDLC ?

-> it is a software development life cycle 
	Through SDLC Development team use to design and build high quality software 
	it contains Development phases that descibes the cycle of IT Project/Software.
	it explains the project planning,Scheduling,Budgeting,Control over development process.
	it assures that the design and testing processes that lead to Release are Good and well Managed.
	so, in simple words it is most effective method and most populer for project management,development,Tracking.
	              and   it reduce the project risk,cost



2) What is Software Testing ?

-> it is process of manage the quality of IT. Product/Project
	With the use of testing we evaluating Error,Bug,mistakes from the software or product.
	it is the process of verify and validate the product
	Testing is also provide the objective, independent view of software and better understanding of risk of software implementation.
	Main Aim is to ensurig the High Quality product To the User or Customers.
			And it is also for ensure great user experience to the Customers.


3) SDLC Phases with basic introduction.

->  There are 6 SDLC phases 
	
	Requirement Phase : 1st to develop something we must need the requirements to understand the product/software.
				  So in this phase we gathered the Functional and Non-Functional Requirements from the users/customer.

	Analysis Phase    : 2nd we need to analize all the requirements and processes.
				  and analize how this requirement is work in the project.

	Design Phase      : After analize everything we are designing the basic documents(Like SRS DOC.)
				  in this we design the basic thngs/doc. that we understand through requirements and analization.

	Implemantation    : in this phase developers starts to develop or implement something/code from the design.
				  so this is basic implementation stage for the product.

	Testing Phase     : in this stage Tester/QA. Test the product quality before release.
				  testing phase is for find the errors bugs mistakes in software/product.
				  this is tester checks the every single part,Dimension,functionality and many more things in the product.
	
	Maintenance       : This is the last stage in SDLC after releseaing the product in the market we mus maintain that 
					Because after some time or after some use of product maybe some fault are founded by users so we need to maintain
					this phse is imp for every cycle 

